[KPT CODELAB] (3/3) kpt deployment & pruning (#5028)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: codelab/02_kpt-deploy/README.md

# Deploy Your Configurations Accurately

This codelab uses a real example to compare the `kpt` and `kubectl` in their `prune` feature. You will get a better understanding about why using `kpt live` to deploy your resources are more accurate and reliable.

## What is kpt?

Kpt is [an OSS tool](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kpt) for Kubernetes packaging, which uses a standard format to bundle, publish, customize, update, and apply configuration manifests.

## What kpt can help you with

> -  You can prune your resources accurately with [a three-way merge strategy](https://kubectl.docs.kubernetes.io/pages/app_management/field_merge_semantics.html). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  You can prune your resources accurately with [a three-way merge strategy](https://pwittrock-kubectl.firebaseapp.com/pages/app_management/field_merge_semantics.html). 
```
should match the other link

Author: Done.

# Deploy Your Configurations Accurately

This codelab uses a real example to compare the `kpt` and `kubectl` in their `prune` feature. You will get a better understanding about why using `kpt live` to deploy your resources are more accurate and reliable.

## What is kpt?

Kpt is [an OSS tool](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kpt) for Kubernetes packaging, which uses a standard format to bundle, publish, customize, update, and apply configuration manifests.

## What kpt can help you in skaffold

-  You will get an hands-on off-the-shelf experience about the **GitOps** CI/CD workflow in skaffold.
-  You can validate each of your config changes **declaratively**.
-  You **won't **encounter** version conflict** if the config hydration (a.k.a kustomize) mismatch with the deployment tool (e.g. kubectl). 
-  You can prune your resources accurately with [a three-way merge strategy](https://kubectl.docs.kubernetes.io/pages/app_management/field_merge_semantics.html). 

You can try out this interactive codelab using [Cloud Shell](https://cloud.google.com/shell).

> [![Open in Cloud Shell](https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png)](https://ssh.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https://github.com/yuwenma/skaffold&cloudshell_working_dir=codelab/02_kpt-deploy&cloudshell_workspace=codelab/02_kpt-deploy&cloudshell_tutorial=tutorial.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[![Open in Cloud Shell](https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png)](https://ssh.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?cloudshell_git_repo=https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/skaffold&cloudshell_working_dir=codelab/02_kpt-deploy&cloudshell_workspace=codelab/02_kpt-deploy&cloudshell_tutorial=tutorial.md)
```

You can probably add the currently working url to the PR description

Author: sg

Author: done
